Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#590)
purescript/package-sets: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to add a package to the set

### Prerequisites

> In order to hack on this project, you should have installed:
> - [dhall]
> - [dhall-to-json][dhall]
> - [spago]
> - [psc-package]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hack on this project, it should be enough to have [nix](https://nixos.org/nix/download.html) installed. You can verify your changes with

    nix-shell --command make

If you're unable to run Nix, then you should have the following installed:
- [dhall]
- [dhall-to-json][dhall]
- [spago]
- [psc-package]
```
